fix/preloaded_adview_not_resuming_auto_refresh_on_ios (#285)
AppLovin/AppLovin-MAX-Flutter: applovin_max/CHANGELOG.md

## Versions

## x.x.x

> * Fix preloaded AdView not resuming auto-refresh on iOS.

Reviewer: Can we reference the same thing consistently through the changelog? We reference it as `preloaded banners and MRECs` below
```suggestion
* Fix preloaded banners and MRECs not resuming auto-refresh on iOS.
```
